I had arrived in Chicago very early on a Friday morning and dropped off my luggage with the bell service. I knew that I wouldn't be able to get a room right away, but the front desk attendant that morning called me on my cell as soon as a room became available. I thought to myself, &quot;what a nice gesture!?!&quot; Unfortunately, the front desk attendant who helped me check-in Friday morning was not the same attendant during my stay on Saturday and Sunday and I didn't receive the same courtesy from the other attendants. The weekend front desk attendants weren't very pleasant, weren't helpful, didn’t smile, had no personality and when I asked to speak to a manager regarding a concern that they couldn't help me with, I was told the manager was on break but would call the room once they returned. The manager never called. I even left my cell number and they didn't bother to call that either. Then, I requested a late check-out on Sunday from an attendant that worked Saturday and was told I could stay till 2:00 p.m. Then when I reconfirmed the late check-out with the attendant working on Sunday, she told me that they weren’t honoring late check-outs to anyone. I told her that the attendant I spoke with Saturday told me I could I stay till 2:00 p.m. And she said, “Well, I guess I can’t tell you can’t stay till 2 if someone else told you it ok.” And then rudely dismissed me for the next customer standing in line.I wish the lovely woman who helped me Friday morning, worked on the weekends, because I have a feeling I wouldn't be writing this negative review. I chose The Allerton Hotel because it had a great location, but I now know, why bother with a great location if the front desk attendants aren't pleasant. Yes, the rooms weren’t very big, the elevators were tiny, and the hotel charges you to use the internet in your room, but I could overlook all that. But what I can’t overlook is bad manners. I would not recommend staying at this hotel if you have any questions or concerns during your stay and need to speak with the attendants.P.S. – The bell service was fabulous. They were a great group of kind men who helped with our luggage, hailed down taxis cabs for us, and one of the men even suggested a great breakfast spot a few blocks from the hotel. The front desk attendants should learn something from the bell men – common courtesy!